lib: pdn: unit tests and other improvements (#12963)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

   * Added a mention about enabling TF-M logging while using modem traces in the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.

> * :ref:`pdn_readme` library:
> 
>     * Fixed a potential issue where the library tries to free the PDN context twice, causing the application to crash.
>     * Updated the library to add PDP auto configuration to the :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_FUNC_MODE_POWER_OFF` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

   * Fixed a potential issue where the library tries to free the PDN context twice, causing the application to crash.
   * Updated the library to add PDP auto configuration to the :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_FUNC_MODE_POWER_OFF` event.
```

   * Added a mention about enabling TF-M logging while using modem traces in the :ref:`modem_trace_module`.

* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

>   * Updated to fix a potential issue where the library tries to free the PDN context twice, causing the application to crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a potential issue where the library tries to free the PDN context twice, causing the application to crash.
```
